[DOCS] Removal of openvino_ts backend from torch.compile for master (#24074)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino-workflow/torch-compile.rst

How to Use
####################

> To use ``torch.compile``, you need to add an import statement and define ``openvino`` backend.
> With this backend, Torch FX subgraphs are directly converted to OpenVINO representation without
> any additional PyTorch based tracing/scripting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use ``torch.compile``, you need to add an import statement and define the ``openvino`` backend,
so that Torch FX subgraphs will be directly converted to OpenVINO representation without
any additional PyTorch-based tracing/scripting.
```

Author: ```suggestion
To use ``torch.compile``, you need to add an import statement and define the ``openvino`` backend.
This way Torch FX subgraphs will be directly converted to OpenVINO representation without
any additional PyTorch-based tracing/scripting.
```
